"This is where time stand stills", said the Captain Juris Milgrave of the 2nd Riga Riflemen to the column of soldiers that had just arrived, like Caronte bringing new souls to Hades. He lighted a half-used cigarrete and said unconcerned, "no one leaves, and no one ever will.". He stood on top of the hill, with his arched back against the sun. The soldiers only saw his sadistic grin, full of pain and sorrow. "Welcome to Death Island, we cross tomorrow."

Among the column, some heads moved, and they understood what they called. Below their hill they saw a valley with no trees, no grass, only dry mud and ashes. The forest had been burning for months, since Jelgava. They saw the wide Daugava diving the land between two, and the trenches diving earth alongside it. The soldiers like small ants on a big sprawling colony. On one side, Russians and Latvians, on the other, germans.

In the south side - the german one - they saw the small inclave of land named Death Island. It - of course - had no name before the war, it was like the many other countless curves of rivers along the many miles of the Daugava, until then, that is. Both soldiers concentrated on that small curve for a good reason: it was the smallest crossing across the river.

"The Germans cross it, they surround Riga", the Captain explained, waving his hand and the cigarrete it held in an imprecise manner. 

The little soldier-ants down below looked miserable in their endless loops of walking the trenches. The Daugava river divided Latvia in two, from Riga to Daugavpils. The germans had taken Courland and Zemgale, all of the south, while the Latvians held them in Latgale and Vidzeme in the north, and for some damn reason, all that land seemed insignificant compared to that small curve in the River called Death Island. Russians and Germans agreed, the war would end there.

The name Death Island, however, was imprecise. First off, it was not an island itself, but a curve in the river with some hills and a lowland the Russians and Latvians still held. But, once there, the soldiers were effectively in an island: the wide Daugava in their backs, and a sea of germans in front of them. The soldiers could enter in masse, but leaving was the problem: crossing during the day was impossible, the captain explained, the small improvised wooden bridge was thin, and during the day the Germans snipers praticed their aim, and the artillery divisions took potshots out of boredom.

The second thing was that while it was indeed full of Death, living there (or rather, existing) was like a earth had ceased and limbo had begun. Days became nights and nights became weeks until time made no sense anymore.