-------------------- HELPLESSLY HOPING - CROSBY, STILLS AND NASH --------------------

It was a cold morning in November, in the fields near the hospital, when her eyes finally met his. And she felt like a farmer who had to put a puppy down. Their last month togheter had been a for him, as if both spoke different languages and could not understand each other. Helplessly hoping for something, he hovered in silence, awaiting a word. She loved him - she believed - but not enough not to hurt him. She had to choose him or her responsabilities. Her church, her hospital, her father. She said nothing, and only agreed when he said it was over.

"You know, I did love you", she said.
"Maybe not enough. I wish I could understand this", he gasped, glimpsing her gentle, true spirit.
"And I wish I could exlain", she cried silently. "But you do deserve someone that loves you. And I can't hold you back anymore. I'm doing this for you".  She wished to explain and searched for words, none came. For her, she wanted to spare him the pain of loving someone who not could not truly love him back - and for him, she just didn't had the courage anymore to tell him it was over. "I know you'll find someone incredible for you".

"I thought I did. Now I question it. Well", he choked and tripped at the sound of goodbye. "That's it".
"That's it", she agreed with tears on her face. He turned his back and left, walking fast and wishing he could fly, and she could only wordlessly watch.

-- == --

He reached his empty home, and wondered at the empty space inside. It once felt so big and warm in his childhood, now it felt miniscule and cold. The world was still the same - he thought - there was just less in it. The happy days had come and gone into the west and into the shadow, and now he wondered what little empty future awaited him.

He threw his bag from his shoulder and carelessly dumped the items on his floor. There were all his belongings. His rifle and his dead brother's rifle, his dead brohter's hymnarial and letters from a woman who loved him no more. 

Heartlessly helping himself, he crawled into the bed to reread them all. And for the next days had no forces to do anything besides sleeping. Into his dreams he visited his mother and father, and his woman - and he remebered he was happy once. Sometimes, in his bad dreams, he worried he heard the goodbye.

He was alone now.

-- == --

Anna, Markus, Gustavs and Kris. What had happened to them? The golden years seemed so far now. Times he hoped would last forever, never older grow. He was one person, they are two alone, they were three togheter, they were four for each other.

-- == --

And he saw her again, standing by the stairway. He was sure there was something there to tell him, that his confusion had its costs. Love isn't lying, it's loose, in a lady who lingers. Saying she is lost. Their eyes met, and she choked "hello".
Anna, Markus, Gustavs and Kris. She was one person, they are two alone, they were three togheter, they were four for each other.

-------------------- NO WOMAN - WHITNEY --------------------

He left drinking on the city train, and spent some time on the road. One morning he woke up with his breath on the low. "I have been going throught a change", The professor told Elijah, "I might never be sure. I'm just walking in a haze. I'm not ready to turn".

"No woman", he told. "I can't love no woman, and no woman can love me"
"I have been driving throught a pain, and I'm going back on the road."
"I'm coming up and I wish I could stay"








